[docs] Add Kyuubi JDBC config section (#3593)
cloudera/hue: docs/docs-site/content/administrator/configuration/connectors/_index.md

    ## The JDBC driver clickhouse-jdbc.jar and its related jars need to be in the CLASSPATH environment variable.
    options='{"url": "jdbc:clickhouse://localhost:8123", "driver": "ru.yandex.clickhouse.ClickHouseDriver", "user": "readonly", "password": ""}'

### Apache Kyuubi

> [Apache Kyuubi](https://kyuubi.readthedocs.io/en/master/) is a distributed and multi-tenant gateway to provide serverless SQL on data warehouses and lakehouses.

Reviewer: would you mind replacing the link with the project the Apache site instead of the docs site?
```suggestion
[Apache Kyuubi](https://kyuubi.apache.org/) is a distributed and multi-tenant gateway to provide serverless SQL on data warehouses and lakehouses.
```

Give Hue the information about the database source:

    [[[kyuubi]]]
    name=Kyuubi
    interface=jdbc
    ## Specific options for connecting to the Kyuubi server.

>     ## The JDBC driver kyuubi-hive-jdbc.jar and its related jars need to be in the CLASSPATH environment variable.

Reviewer: it's recommended to use [kyuubi-hive-jdbc-shaded](https://mvnrepository.com/artifact/org.apache.kyuubi/kyuubi-hive-jdbc-shaded) over kyuubi-hive-jdbc, the shaded is a single jar without additional dependencies
